DAY - 4
Reactivity in Vue 3
- Vue 3 uses a new reactivity system based on Proxies, 
which allows for better performance and more efficient memory usage compared to Vue 2's Object.defineProperty.
- The new reactivity system in Vue 3 is more efficient and 
can track changes to arrays and objects more effectively, 
making it easier to work with complex data structures.
- Vue 3 also introduces a new Composition API, which allows developers to 
organize and reuse logic in a more flexible way compared to the Options API
 used in Vue 2. The Composition API provides a more modular and scalable approach 
 to building components, making it easier to manage state and side effects in larger applications.
- The Composition API in Vue 3 allows developers to create reusable logic and state
 management patterns, making it easier to share code across components and 
 improve code organization. It also provides better TypeScript support, allowing
  for improved type inference and better developer experience when working with TypeScript in Vue applications.

  Using ref and reactive
- In Vue 3, the ref function is used to create a reactive reference to a value, 
while the reactive function is used to create a reactive object.
- The ref function is typically used for primitive values, such as strings, numbers, and 
booleans, while the reactive function is used for objects and arrays.
- When using ref, you can access the value of the reference using the .value property,
 while with reactive, you can access the properties of the object directly.
- Both ref and reactive allow you to create reactive data that can be used in your Vue components, 
and they will automatically trigger updates to the DOM when the data changes. 
The choice between ref and reactive depends on the type of data you are working with and your specific use case.
- In Vue 3, the ref function is used to create a reactive reference to a value,
    while the reactive function is used to create a reactive object. The ref 
    function is typically used for primitive values, such as strings, numbers, 
    and booleans, while the reactive function is used for objects and arrays. 
    When using ref, you can access the value of the reference using the .value 
    property, while with reactive, you can access the properties of the object 
    directly. Both ref and reactive allow you to create reactive data that can 
    be used in your Vue components, and they will automatically trigger updates
     to the DOM when the data changes............


example 1 : in VUE 3, you can use the ref function to create a reactive reference to a primitive value like this:
import { ref } from 'vue';
const count = ref(0);
In this example, count is a reactive reference to the value 0. You can access the 
value of count using count.value, and any changes to count will automatically trigger updates to the DOM.
example 2 : In Vue 3, you can use the reactive function to create a reactive object like this:
import { reactive } from 'vue';
const state = reactive({
  name: 'John',
  age: 30
});





